Update SDK docs (#10720)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/index.mdx

showIntegrationsInSearch: true
---

## Prerequisites

* You need a [Sentry account](https://sentry.io/signup/) and project

> * Switch to the dedicated guide, if you use any of the <PlatformLink to="/integrations/#web-frameworks">frameworks</PlatformLink> we support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Read one of our dedicated guides if you use any of the <PlatformLink to="/integrations/#web-frameworks">frameworks</PlatformLink> we support
```

## Features

> <p className="mb-5">Depending on which Sentry features you chose below, we will update the installation and configuration instructions on this page. Error Monitoring is always activated.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p className="mb-5">Select which Sentry features you'd like to install in addition to Error Monitoring to get the corresponding installation and configuration instructions below.</p>
```
